THE CARDS HAVE
CONFIRMED WHAT I SUSPECTED
ALL ALONG.
THE FOOL, WHICH REPRESENTS
JADEN AND THE PRINCE, WHICH
REPRESENTS ASTER, WILL
BE INTEGRAL TO MY PLAN.
BUT WHO COULD THIS BE?
THE STRENGTH.
THIS CARD SYMBOLIZES A GREAT
POWER THAT CANNOT BE SWAYED.
I MUST DISCOVER THE
SOURCE OF THIS POWER.
AND I SUSPECT I'LL FIND
MY ANSWER AT DUEL ACADEMY.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[SNORING]
[ROAR]
OH!
OW! HUH?
IDENTIFY YOURSELF!
HELLO.
THIS IS JADEN'S ROOM,
IS IT NOT?
THAT INFORMATION'S
CLASSIFIED!
HE'S THE ONE I
WAS WARNED ABOUT.
HE IS THE STRENGTH CARD.
I CAN FEEL IT.
YOU'RE TALKIN'
OUT LOUD, YA KNOW.
NOW LOOK!
STATE YOUR BUSINESS!
YES, MY APOLOGIES.
I MANAGE SEVERAL
PROFESSIONAL DUELISTS.
MY NAME IS SARTORIUS.
HOLD UP... YOU'RE
"MASTER SARTORIUS"?
THE ONE CHAZZ
ALWAYS YAPS ABOUT!
WHAT ARE YOU
INSINUATING YOUNG MAN?
YOU BRAINWASHED 'IM!
NOT THAT HE HAD
MUCH OF A BRAIN.
AND NOW ALEXIS IS IN ON
YOUR WHOLE SCHEME, TOO.
BUT I HAVEN'T DONE A
THING TO YOUR FRIENDS.
WHAT THEY DO IS OF
THEIR OWN FREE WILL.
LOOK! I KNOW YOU'RE
UP TO SOMETHING
MR. TALL, PALE
AND GRUESOME....
AND MARK MY WORDS,
I'M GONNA STOP YA!
HE HARBORS AN
INCREDIBLE FORCE WITHIN.
I MUST HAVE IT.
LET'S MAKE A COMPROMISE,
SHALL WE?
I'LL ADDRESS
YOUR CONCERNS...
IF YOU AGREE TO
FACE ME IN A DUEL.
SO IF I DUEL YOU...
THEN YOU'LL
DISBAND YOUR LITTLE
"SOCIETY OF LIGHT" CLUB?
NOT QUITE.
BUT I WILL ASK YOUR FRIENDS
TO LEAVE THE GROUP.
SHOULD YOU MANAGE TO
DEFEAT ME, OF COURSE.
FINE.
Dorothy: YOU'RE NOT PLANNING
TO EAT ALL THIS CANDY
IN ONE DAY ARE YOU?
SERIOUSLY JAY... YOU
DON'T HAVE TO DO THIS.
IT'S ON... BASTION ATE A
HUNDRED... SO I'M GONNA EAT
A HUNDRED AND ONE!
BASTION GOT SICK.
WELL SERVES HIM RIGHT!
Jaden: I HAFTA BEAT HIS
RECORD NO MATTER WHAT!
Syrus: HEY, ISN'T THAT ASTER?
Jaden: OH YEAH.
WHAT'RE YOU DOIN'
OUT HERE, BRO?
WHATTA YA THINK?
I CAME HERE TO CHECK
OUT THIS DUEL.
Syrus: IT'S HASSLEBERRY!
YEAH BUT THAT GUY IN
THE CAPE... WHO'S HE?
THAT'S SARTORIUS.
HE'S BEEN MY DUELING
MANAGER FOR YEARS.
BUT NOW I KNOW
HE'S BEEN USING ME!
OH.
AND IF I HAD TO GUESS... I'D
SAY HE'S ABOUT TO BRAINWASH
ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR FRIENDS.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
NO WAY!
DOROTHY,
HOLD THESE!
GOT EM!
OH JADEN, WAIT!
WAIT!
HASSLEBERRY!
STOP!
AAH!
HUH? SY!?
ALRIGHT... LET'S DO THIS!
WHAT'S THE HOLD UP?
FORGIVE ME.
HOW DO I START
THIS CONTRAPTION?
JUST PUSH
THE "ON" BUTTON!
HUH?
THE TRUTH IS...
WHILE I'M
AN EXCELLENT DUELIST
I'VE NEVER ACTUALLY USED
A DUEL DISK.
ONE MIGHT SAY...
I USE MORE
"PRIMEVAL" METHODS.
CAN WE DUEL ALREADY!?
NOTHING WOULD
PLEASE ME MORE!
THIS WAR... IS ON!
TALK ABOUT A GOOD START.
GIANT REX!
FRONT AND CENTER!
WELL DONE.
QUITE A POWERFUL MONSTER
FOR YOUR FIRST TURN.
MAN ARE YOU CREEPY.
WAIT!
YOU GOTTA CALL
OFF THIS DUEL!
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHO
YOU'RE PLAYING AGAINST!?
OF COURSE.
THAT'S WHY I ACCEPTED!
I'M PLANNIN' ON GREASIN' THE
TREADS OF MY TANK WITH THIS
BRAINWASHIN' LUNATIC!
Hassleberry: THEN WE
CAN GET CHAZZ AND ALEXIS
TO COME TO
THEIR SENSES.
LET'S MOVE ON! SHALL WE?
I'LL BEGIN WITH THIS.
ARCANA FORCE 1
IN ATTACK MODE!
WHAT IN SAM HILL'S THAT!?
DO YOU BELIEVE IN DESTINY?
EVERYTHING IS PREDETERMINED.
BUT OFTEN LIFE GIVES
THE ILLUSION OF FREE WILL.
HUH?
OBSERVE.
THIS CARD GIVES YOU A CHOICE.
FOR IT POSSESSES TWO
DISTINCT SPECIAL ABILITIES.
AND YOU GET TO DECIDE
WHICH ONE IS USED.
NOTICE HOW THE CARD ROTATES?
IT CAN STOP UPRIGHT
OR UPSIDE DOWN.
WHEN IT STOPS IS UP TO YOU.
ITS POSITION
DETERMINES ITS ABILITY.
I GET THE POINT!
IT'S A GAME OF CHANCE!
NOW LET'S MOVE ON!
MAKE IT STOP!
HA HA HA!
ARCANA IS RIGHT-SIDE UP.
SO WHENEVER A SPELL CARD
IS PLAYED...
IT GETS STRONGER.
BY DOUBLING ITS POINTS!
AW MAN!
WELL WHATTA YA KNOW.
BAD LUCK, I GUESS.
SO YOU THINK.
BUT YOU HAVE MUCH TO LEARN
ABOUT THE FORCES OF DESTINY.
AW HUSH UP!
LOOK, HOSS!
IF THAT CARD'S NOT
ABOUT LUCK...
THEN WHY
HAVE IT SPIN?
SIMPLE.
BECAUSE HUMAN BEINGS NEED
THE ILLUSION OF CHOICE.
IT COMFORTS US.
BUT THE HARSH
REALITY IS THIS...
NOTHING HAPPENS BY CHANCE.
IT'S ALL MEANT TO BE!
INCLUDING THE EXTINCTION OF
YOUR BELOVED DINOSAUR FRIENDS!
GUESS AGAIN PAL!
DINOS AREN'T EXTINCT!
THEY LIVE ON INSIDE ME!
HA HA HA!
THAT'S RATHER SWEET.
SAD BUT SWEET.
HOWEVER YOUR SENTIMENTS
CHANGE NOTHING.
DESTINY AWAITS.
ALLOW ME TO
SHOW YOU THE WAY.
ENOUGH WITH ALL
YOUR FANCY-TALK!
I ACTIVATE... MY
FUTURE VISION SPELL!
SINCE YOU HAVE A MONSTER ON
THE FIELD, I GET TO FLIP
THE CARDS ON THE TOP OF YOUR
DECK UNTIL ANOTHER MONSTER
CARD APPEARS.
YOU'RE KIDDIN' ME.
IS A WARRIOR
IN YOUR FUTURE?
OR PERHAPS A SPELLCASTER?
THEN AGAIN... MAYBE
AN INSECT AWAITS YOU.
I ALREADY KNOW
WHAT IT'S GONNA BE!
A DINOSAUR!
NOW GAW-HEAD AND FLIP!
VERY WELL.
YOU SEEM CONFIDENT.
BUT ARE YOU RIGHT?
WELL, WELL.
IT'S A DINOSAUR, INDEED.
GOOD FOR YOU.
SINCE IT'S THE SAME TYPE AS
YOUR MONSTER ON THE FIELD...
YOU AUTOMATICALLY GAIN ONE
THOUSAND EXTRA LIFE POINTS.
AND THE CARDS THAT I
FLIPPED RETURN TO YOUR DECK.
IN THE ORDER THEY WERE.
THANKS FOR THE BOOST.
YOU'RE MOST WELCOME.
I DON'T GET IT.
HE KNEW IT WAS A DINO.
SO WHY WOULD HELP
HASSLEBERRY OUT?
THERE MUST BE A REASON.
HE GOT TO SEE HIS DECK.
SO NOW HE KNOWS WHAT
CARDS ARE COMING UP NEXT.
Aster: NOT ONLY CAN HE
USE THAT KNOWLEDGE TO
HIS ADVANTAGE,
BUT SINCE A SPELL CARD
WAS PUT INTO PLAY...
ARCANA'S RIGHT SIDE
UP ABILITY ACTIVATES
AND IT DOUBLES IN STRENGTH!
OH, YEAH....!
NOW ARCANA FORCE 1!
ATTACK HIS GIANT REX.
SPHEROID STREAM!
I'LL END MY TURN
BY PLACING TWO
CARDS FACEDOWN.
IT'S ABOUT TIME!
MY MOVE!
ALRIGHT ARCHEONYS...
REPORT TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
THEN I ACTIVATE
A SPELL CARD!
MY NEW ULTRA
EVOLUTION SPELL!
REMEMBER EVERY TIME A SPELL
IS PLAYED...
ARCANA DOUBLES
IN STRENGTH!
THAT WON'T BE A PROBLEM!
BECAUSE MY SPELL LETS
ME CHANGE MY FRONTLINE!
ARCHEONYS... I'M AFRAID
YOU'RE DISMISSED NOW!
IT'S TIME TO GET A
DINOSAUR BACK IN MY PLATOON!
[ROAR]
HA HA HA!
EVEN WITH DOUBLED ATTACK
POINTS, ARCANA CAN'T DEFEAT
BLACK TYRANNO!
BATTLE TIME!
TYRANNO!
FORWARD MARCH!
[ROAR]
WELL, MR. DESTINY... LOOKS LIKE
YA DIDN'T SEE THAT COMIN'!
MAYBE NEXT TIME... YOU SHOULD
SPEND LESS TIME TALKIN'...
AND MORE TIME
DEFENDIN' YOURSELF FROM ME!
'CAUSE I'M PACKIN' THE
STRENGTH OF A DINOSAUR!
AND THE BRAINS OF
A DINOSAUR, TOO.
Hassleberry:
I HEARD THAT!
[LAUGHTER]
LET'S MOVE ON.
SHALL WE?
INTERESTING.
I PLAY PENTACLE OF ACE!
DESTINY MOVES FORWARD.
AND NOW IT'S UP TO
YOU TO STOP IT.
ALRIGHT STOP!
THE CARD POINTS
RIGHT SIDE UP.
SO I'M ABLE TO DRAW
A CARD FROM MY DECK.
AND THEN I GAIN FIVE
HUNDRED LIFE POINTS!
OH WELL.
LUCKY YOU.
"LUCKY"?
YOU STILL DON'T
GET IT DO YOU?
LET'S TRY THIS AGAIN.
I SUMMON ARCANA
FORCE SEVEN...
THE CHARIOT!
GO AHEAD.
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
STOP NOW!
ITS UPSIDE DOWN EFFECT
ACTIVATES SO IF THE CHARIOT IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
IT REAPPEARS ON YOUR SIDE!
HA HA HA!
NO COMPLAINTS HERE!
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
NOW ARCANA FORCE SEVEN...
ATTACK HIS TYRANNO!
BUT WHY?
HASSLEBERRY'S
DINOSAUR IS STRONGER!
I KNOW.
HE MESSED UP BIG TIME!
NOT EXACTLY.
SARTORIUS KNOWS
THE FUTURE.
SO EVERY MOVE IS
PRECISELY CALCULATED!
YOUR FRIEND DOESN'T
STAND A CHANCE!
ATTACK HIM AT ONCE!
BIG MISTAKE!
VERY WELL.
SINCE THE CHARIOT
WAS UPSIDE DOWN...
IT GETS RE-SUMMONED
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD.
THE FUTURE OF THIS DUEL
IS IN MY HANDS NOW.
STOP.
RIGHT THERE.
WAS THERE EVEN A POINT
TO THAT MOVE?
NOW IF IT GETS DESTROYED
WE'RE BACK WHERE
WE STARTED!
MAYBE YOU SHOULD STICK
TO MANAGING
AND LEAVE THE DUELING
TO THOSE OF US
WITH SKILLS!
THIS MIGHT
CHANGE YOUR MIND.
IT'S CALLED...
NOT ANOTHER ONE!
I'D LISTEN IF I WERE YOU.
IF YOU EXPECT TO WIN... YOU
SHOULD KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
UP AGAINST.
SO LET ME EXPLAIN THIS CARD.
IF IT STOPS RIGHT SIDE UP,
ALL OF YOUR MONSTERS ARE
DESTROYED AND IF IT'S UPSIDE
DOWN, THEN MINE ARE.
WAIT.
WHICH WAY MEANS
MINE ARE DESTROYED?
JUST STOP!
HA HA HA!
WHY, THANK YOU.
WELL I'M GUESSIN' I WANTED
IT TO LAND THE OTHER WAY.
NEXT I PLAY THIS!
MY ACE OF WAND!
IF THIS CARD LANDS
RIGHT SIDE UP...
I GAIN LIFE POINTS EQUAL
TO THE COMBINED ATTACK POINTS
OF THE TWO MONSTERS THAT WERE
DESTROYED THIS TURN!
IF IT'S UPSIDE DOWN,
HOWEVER...
THAT MEANS I TAKE
THE DAMAGE INSTEAD!
SO HOW MANY POINTS ARE
WE TALKING HERE?
THE CHARIOT HAD
SEVENTEEN-HUNDRED.
AND HIS TYRANNO...
THAT HAD TWENTY-SIX
HUNDRED POINTS.
SO HOW MUCH IS THAT?
UH...
IT'S FORTY-THREE
HUNDRED, JADEN.
YOUR FRIEND IS TOTALLY
FALLING FOR HIS MIND GAMES.
Aster: HASSLEBERRY
IS SO FLUSTERED
HE'S LOST ALL CONTROL!
[GROWLING]
WHAT'S WRONG?
CAN'T YOU SEE?
YOU'RE IN CONTROL OF
WHERE THE CARD LANDS.
NOW CHOOSE YOUR FATE.
STOP THERE!
IT LANDED UPSIDE DOWN.
SO YOU TAKE DIRECT DAMAGE.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
YOU CAN'T STOP
WHAT'S MEANT TO BE!
DON'T BE SO HARD ON YOURSELF,
MR. HASSLEBERRY.
OUR STORIES HAVE
ALREADY BEEN WRITTEN.
THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN
DO TO STOP DESTINY.
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM!
KEEP FIGHTING!
HE'S JUST TRYING
TO PSYCHE YOU OUT!!
YOU CAN'T LET HIM GET
TO YOU LIKE THIS!
Jaden: IF YOU BUY INTO
ALL HIS DESTINY-TALK
THEN YOU
ALREADY LOST!
THE ONLY WAY TO GET
THROUGH THIS
IS TO TRUST YOURSELF!
YOU CAN STILL WIN!
IT'S NOT OVER UNTIL THE
LAST CARD IS PLAYED!
WHAT IF WE'RE TOO LATE
AND HE'S ALREADY
BEEN BRAINWASHED!?
NO WAY!
HE'S ONE OF THE
STRONGEST PEOPLE I KNOW!
IT'LL TAKE MORE THAN SOME
LAME HEAD-GAME TO BREAK
HASSLEBERRY DOWN.
Jaden: ISN'T THAT
RIGHT, SARGE!?
COULDN'T 'A SAID
IT BETTER MYSELF!
JADEN'S RIGHT.
I GOT PLENTY 'A FIGHT LEFT.
HEY!
I GOT YOUR
DESTINY RIGHT HERE!
ATTEN-TION!
DYNA BASE!
TIME TO REPORT FOR DUTY!
AND NOW TO CALL FOR BACK-UP!
I SUMMON... MY
ULTIMATE TYRANNO CARD!
THEN I'LL SACRIFICE MY TROOPS
TO BRING OUT MY DYNA TANK!
[ROAR]
AND AS FOR MY TANK'S
STRENGTH...
IT GETS ALL
OF THE ATTACK POWER
OF THE DINOSAUR
THAT I
JUST SACRIFICED!
N' SINCE MY TYRANNO HAD
THREE THOUSAND POINTS...
SO DOES
MY DYNA TANK!
NOW TO CAUSE
SOME DAMAGE.
GO, DYNA TANK!
DIRECT ASSAULT!
HIT 'IM WITH
EVERYTHING YA GOT!
[ROAR]
BINGO!
OH YEAH, UP HIGH!
HA HA!
THANKS FOR
THE SUPPORT FELLAS!
I WOULDN'T
CELEBRATE JUST YET.
YOU'RE NOT IN THE CLEAR.
THANKS TO MY NECRO
SACRIFICE SPELL CARD!
NOW I CAN PICK A MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVE...
AND SUMMON IT
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD!
AND YOU CAN DECIDE
WHAT MODE IT'S IN.
OF COURSE THERE'S
NO REAL CHOICE.
DESTINY'S ALREADY DECIDED.
BUT LET'S MOVE ON SHALL WE?
ARCANA FORCE SEVEN!
RETURN TO THE FIELD!
I CHOOSE ATTACK MODE!
NOW FOR ITS ABILITY!
ALRIGHT... STOP THERE.
SINCE IT'S UPSIDE DOWN...
IT SHALL RETURN TO MY SIDE.
JUST AS SOON AS I
DESTROY IT THAT IS.
THANKS FOR THE DEBRIEFING,
BUT I KNOW THAT.
MY APOLOGIES.
NOW THEN... MEET
ARCANA FORCE EIGHT!
KNOWN AS THE STRENGTH!
THIS PROBABLY LOOKS
FAMILIAR TO YOU.
SHOULD THIS CARD LAND UPSIDE
DOWN YOU GAIN CONTROL OVER ALL
OF MY MONSTERS!
BUT IF IT'S RIGHT SIDE UP... I
GET TO CONTROL ONE OF YOURS!!
DESTINY AWAITS,
MY FRIEND.
STOP!
IT'S RIGHT SIDE UP.
SO I GAIN CONTROL
OF YOUR TANK.
AT EASE, SARTORIUS!
MY DYNA TANK HAS A SPECIAL
ABILITY OF ITS OWN
AND IT'S
ABOUT TO ACTIVATE!
IT REVERSES YOUR SPELL
LETTING ME CONTROL ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS!
HOW'S THAT FOR DESTINY!?
YOUR STRENGTH CARD
WORKS FOR ME NOW!
THANKS A HEAP!
DESTINY OFTEN WORKS IN
STRANGE WAYS, MY YOUNG FRIEND.
YOU MAKE A SMALL MISTAKE...
AND SUDDENLY IT RIPPLES
OUTWARD, CHANGING EVERYTHING.
IT'S A DOMINO EFFECT.
AND YOU JUST UNKNOWINGLY
KNOCKED OVER THE FIRST DOMINO.
HUH?
NOW I ACTIVATE... MY
REVERSAL OF FATE TRAP CARD!
SO EVERY MONSTER ON THE FIELD
WITH ARCANA FORCE IN ITS NAME
CHANGES FROM RIGHT SIDE UP
TO UPSIDE DOWN.
AND VICE VERSA.
THE STRENGTH IS
NOW UPSIDE DOWN.
SO I CONTROL ALL OF
YOUR OTHER MONSTERS.
HOW QUICKLY THINGS CHANGE.
NOW, FEEL THE
STING OF DESTINY!
AAH!
NO WAY!
HASSLEBERRY!
THIS WAS ALL MEANT TO BE,
MY YOUNG FRIEND.
EVERYTHING IN YOUR LIFE
HAS BROUGHT YOU HERE.
EVERY DECISION HAS CARRIED
YOU TO THIS VERY MOMENT.
THE PATHWAY OF LIGHT WILL
SOON STRETCH OUT BEFORE YOU.
HEY, BACK OFF!
NO JOKE!
STAY AWAY FROM
HASSLEBERRY!
WHAT'S THE DEAL!?
I CAN'T MOVE!
THAT WAS SOME DUEL.
AMAZING TACTICS, SOLDIER.
OH NO.
DON'T TELL ME HE'S
ONE OF THEM NOW.
AW MAN.
COME ON, HASSLEBERRY.
HE GOT YOU, TOO?
WHO ME?
NOT ON YOUR LIFE, SON!
BUT HOW!?
NO ONE CAN RESIST
THE POWER OF THE LIGHT.
NO ONE!
HA HA!
YEAH?
WELL I'M NOT JUST ANYONE!
HAVE A LOOK AT THIS
HERE SCAR, BOYS.
YA SEE, A FEW YEARS
BACK, ON A ROUTINE DIG
FOR DINOSAUR FOSSILS...
A LANDSLIDE BROKE
OUT AND NEARLY
BROKE MY LEG IN TWO!
THEY HAD TO OPERATE QUICKLY,
SO THEY USED THE DINOSAUR BONE
I FOUND TO SAVE MY LEG!
EVER SINCE... I'VE HAD
WHAT THEY CALL DINO DNA.
THE DOCTOR SAYS IT MAKES
ME STRONGER THAN YOUR
AVERAGE JOE.
HE'S GOTTA BE
MAKING THIS UP.
NO, I SAW IT IN
A CARTOON ONCE.
JADEN.
THIS IS REAL LIFE HERE.
SO EVEN THOUGH I LOST...
I WON'T BE
JOINING YOUR CLUB.
HMM.
Syrus:
HASSLEBERRY!
Jaden: SWEET DUEL!
TOTALLY!
Hassleberry:
THAT'S RIGHT!
WALK AWAY, POPS!
SHOW YOUR FACE ROUND HERE
AGAIN, AND I'LL DETERMINE
YOUR FUTURE!
Syrus: YEAH!
YOU TELL HIM!
Crowler: SETTLE DOWN
STUDENTS.
I HAVE AN IMPORTANT
ANNOUNCEMENT TO MAKE!
SO PAY ATTENTION!
A NEW STUDENT HAS JOINED US.
NOW MAKE FRIENDS WITH
HIM AND PLAY NICELY!
COME ON!
WHAT'S HE THINK
WE'RE IN FIRST GRADE?
ACTUALLY... ONE OF US IS.
I'M GONNA IGNORE THAT!
I GIVE YOU DUEL
ACADEMY'S NEWEST PUPIL!
HUH?
SARTORIUS WILL BE ENTERING
AS A FIRST YEAR STUDENT.
HE'S A BIT OLDER THAN OUR
AVERAGE FRESHMAN, BUT HE'S
AN EAGER LEARNER!
AND OUR EVALUATION COMMITTEE
HAS DETERMINED THAT HE HAS
GREAT POTENTIAL.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪